This is our 1st meeting just to get it off.
2 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Guys so a good So I know we had to do two days for scrum meetings, so like what day what times are you guys available for meetings? Cause what I did last semester is basically we we set a time where like ok this day and this day at this time, so like what, what, what times are you guys.
3 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Let me add a Google Sheets to the to it so we can, so we can plan out our schedules.
4 "Adam" (2668226048)
Yes, I was gonna say last last semester we did Monday at six, I can do that again, but obviously that might.
5 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Oh man, that might be a little tight.
6 "Adam" (2668226048)
I can do Monday after four Tuesday after class.
7 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Yeah. Tuesday and Friday my last plan.
8 "Adam" (2668226048)
Website online, Tuesday I have mentoring after so.
9 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
I gotta have three actually. No, I'm down on Tuesdays. I'm down to meet right after web science.
10 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
To be honest. My only issue with that is I do have left right after.
11 "Adam" (2668226048)
Oh, yeah we can't do that. We can do it later in the day. We can do Wednesday. I just I just have a lab from.
12 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Four to six. Yeah, I have like an all day like busy stuff day until like 06:00 but yeah and then I'm usually doing stuff after, so.
13 "Adam" (2668226048)
And then Thursday.
14 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
It's kind of rough unless unless you guys want to meet at like 01:00 p.m.. On Wednesday.
15 "Adam" (2668226048)
No, I'll probably I usually do my web.
16 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
So what time do you have lab? Four. Oh, so is 01:00 p.m.. Okay or is.
17 "Adam" (2668226048)
Not that time. I mean, if we need to, I can do it, I just prefer not to.
18 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Yeah online, so it wouldn't be the other one. How about, I mean I could do Mondays, but I'd want it to be like at like seven or eight or actually NO I can't do eight.
19 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Like seven.
20 "Adam" (2668226048)
Guys, I can do that. I can again like I said, I can still do Wednesday.
21 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
One if we need to. But that would be that would be really tight because like I have a meeting at.
22 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Okay go to the google drive. There should be an untitled spreadsheet and just put in when you're busy as like just a joelling.
23 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Okay.
24 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
That way we can work out free times. And I'll also include Saturdays and Sundays.
25 "Adam" (2668226048)
Oh dude, 24 h clock, I don't know.
26 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Yeah, can you change that to a different not 24 h?
27 "Thomas, Mius" (1134040064)
We can you speak or one is good?
28 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
And we could just Yeah.
29 "Thomas, Mius" (1134040064)
This this this is the worse than what is good I'm not gonna lie. Okay.
30 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Wait, what's what when is good?
31 "Thomas, Mius" (1134040064)
It's basically this and you can just paint over, like, times.
32 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Yeah, it's like it's like basically this but like automat.
33 "Thomas, Mius" (1134040064)
Yeah, yeah.
34 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
So yeah.
35 "Thomas, Mius" (1134040064)
Okay, I'll make it.
36 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Yeah, I'll I'll delete this real quick yeah cause I mean, the rough part is until March or until after spring break, I'm basically out of pocket four to six every day.
37 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
It might, it might benefit us to do like a Saturday night one and then finding one during the weekday.
38 "Adam" (2668226048)
But we only have to do one proper.
39 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Two per week, two a week but you remember we did two a week.
40 "Adam" (2668226048)
Last time, but I guess I am misremembering. When did we do ok I know we did Monday. Oh, we must have done Monday and.
41 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Thursday because we did. Yeah, cause everyone would have the same schedule.
42 "Adam" (2668226048)
I don't know week weekends are I can I can do them much necessary but right now.
43 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
I don't know. Well, we'll see what the one is good says, but everyone puts the thing in.
44 "Adam" (2668226048)
Okay, and also we should design them right where there's a decent amount of work between the two because if we have like Monday and Wednesday obviously not a lot's gonna be get going to get.
45 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Done in the one day.
46 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Yeah th that's why I will say a Saturday one is good. Oh, is that the logo you were thinking about?
47 "Thomas, Mius" (1134040064)
Oh, yeah, yeah. I sent it in the.
48 "Adam" (2668226048)
They sent the one is good. So, so does green mean is good for you to mean or is green were blocking off?
49 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Green is good. Yeah.
50 "Adam" (2668226048)
No, ok.
51 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
I'd rather not do that day.
52 "Adam" (2668226048)
Not two to four.
53 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Nope, nope, I guess. Yeah.
54 "Adam" (2668226048)
Also the problem with the Wednesday one is that again it's in the middle of the week so it would kinda be if we did that would be Wednesday and weekend.
55 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
I guess isn't the worst.
56 "Adam" (2668226048)
Only it's like Sunday wouldn't be the worst idea.
57 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
But I'm kind of cooked man.
58 "Adam" (2668226048)
Alright, so when we submit, can we when everyone submits, do we then see you? There's it only the host that sees.
59 "Thomas, Mius" (1134040064)
Oh, I don't know if I can make it so that everyone can, I guess.
60 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
You can just post a photo and yeah.
61 "Adam" (2668226048)
Okay.
62 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Oh, also is the photo you you put in the discord, is that like the four different options or is that the whole logo?
63 "Thomas, Mius" (1134040064)
The, the four like different like colors are just different colors I was playing with and then below are like different font weights.
64 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Just messing with. Okay. Both of the ideas look good. I have to admit.
65 "Adam" (2668226048)
Alright, can you I have to drive my friend to campus. I'm just staying on the call. I'm still gonna be here I just don't I'm not gonna be at my laptop.
66 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
I mean we have been recording for almost 10 min, so I think we're pretty good for at least for most we just need to figure out.
67 "Adam" (2668226048)
The, that meeting.
68 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
I think we're good. Yeah. And then once we filled out my one is good, so same. Yeah.
69 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Who do you see it?
70 "Thomas, Mius" (1134040064)
Yeah. Is there any like is there any common like times pretty much like all day Sunday and then Mondays and Tuesdays at 7pM. Actually I'll just send I just sent like the results.
71 "Adam" (2668226048)
Yeah, please.
72 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
****, that's kinda.
73 "Adam" (2668226048)
We could.
74 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
We could do the Wednesday at one.
75 "Adam" (2668226048)
Sunday and Wednesday would.
76 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
That would be. Yeah, because that way yeah if we do like Sunday at one at one, that kind of gives us a good range of that gives us two days to work and three days to work. Wait, actually.
77 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
I think that actually fine. I mean, that's the same ****. I thought I thought that was another like better distribution, but there isn't.
78 "Adam" (2668226048)
I mean Loki, like to be honest, I'm probably not gonna get like almost anything done between Sunday and Wednesday cause I just have a lot of work between those days, but I'll probably have a lot between the other two.
79 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Yeah, I mean, it's not like you have to have work done, it's more of like let's talk about main ideas on Sunday and then like there's gonna be like a quick brush up and if we have a lot, a lot of them done, then what can we do too?
80 "Adam" (2668226048)
Add to it. Right.
81 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Yeah, let's be honest, we're all go getters. I know we're gonna be busy at.
82 "Adam" (2668226048)
Different points that are.
83 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
There's nothing we can do about that. But as long as we do our best to stay on top of this since it's a large majority of our grade, we should be fine.
84 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Alright. Well.
85 "Adam" (2668226048)
Essentially I'm brute forcing to be good at JavaScript this semester, so let's hope that.
86 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
And ok also so we're good then.
87 "Adam" (2668226048)
Right, so I missed the what when do we decide on sunday? Like time wise?
88 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
I think I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna I'm gonna repost what you just said because I'm gonna pin.
89 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Message yeah yeah I'm fine on some.
90 "Adam" (2668226048)
They just obviously I'm sure you guys too would rather be like later in the.
91 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Well, I was gonna say 01:00 P.M. on Sunday just to keep it simple because that means both days will be at the same time.
92 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Yeah, I think that's better. Just keep it at the same time so that.
93 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
There's less confusion. Yeah.
94 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Last group is people just We can never like pin down a time.
95 "Adam" (2668226048)
Yeah, I mean my group I was just I just had a good group like we were pretty consistent, but if you really want to do 01:00 P.M. then I'm not gonna like argue against.
96 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Yeah, and I think we're at a good spot I'm gonna end the recording unless there's any other remark.
97 "Adam" (2668226048)
If you guys want to add it? Do we wanna like go over presentation at all like who wants to do whatever.
98 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
Should we just do that tomorrow like. Oh I think we should do that now honestly, like put our names on the slides about what we're presenting. I already put my on there. So there's speaker notes where you could just put what you're yeah what it seems like you, some of you already done that, so just just put like names and the slides you're presenting and then we'll go over it, I guess like.
99 "Adam" (2668226048)
I don't know. Yeah, I made like 90 % of the presentations so I'll just give me two slides to go.
100 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Yeah, so we don't have to worry about the don't worry about the slide one and slide ten. Slide ten I'll cover cause it's a quick.
101 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
It's like to start it. I already already put my name on the summary.
102 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
I don't know which slide you were referring to slide one. Oh.
103 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Yeah, the the title, you have slide two and slide.
104 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
I just I just put that for everybody cause like we're all gonna introduce ourselves.
105 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
So, yeah.
106 "Marinkovich, Christian" (2398897920)
But yeah, so I just gave that to all and yeah the pitch video that doesn't that's a we'll just say hey here's the video that's it.
107 "Adam" (2668226048)
Okay. All right, that sounds good then. Yeah.
108 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
Yeah, just add your names, we'll if need be, we can I'll add my name to any vacant ones afterwards before we go up and we'll be ready to go. I'm just gonna make a few changes to my stakeholder slide and we should be good.
109 "Adam" (2668226048)
I was.
110 "Thomas, Mius" (1134040064)
Cool.
111 "Collins, Joshua" (4207014144)
And.